Added notes to Go and TS docs about mutating workflows (#1070)
temporalio/documentation: docs/typescript/workflows.md

#### Notes on Queries

> > 🚨 WARNING: NEVER mutate Workflow state inside a query! Generating commands in query handlers can lead to unexpected behaviors on subsequent executions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 🚨 WARNING: NEVER mutate Workflow state inside a query! Generating Commands in Query handlers can lead to unexpected behavior.
```
